1581086 update image filenames part two 10 09 (#15093)
dotnet/docs: docs/architecture/microservices/microservice-ddd-cqrs-patterns/infrastructure-persistence-layer-implemenation-entity-framework-core.md

In Figure 7-18 you can see the differences between not using repositories (directly using the EF DbContext) versus using repositories which make it easier to mock those repositories.

![Diagram showing the components and dataflow in the two repositories.](./media/infrastructure-persistence-layer-implemenation-entity-framework-core/custom-repo-versus-db-context.png)

**Figure 7-18**. Using custom repositories versus a plain DbContext

> Comparison between using a custom repository and a plain DbContext: the custom repository adds an abstraction layer that can be used to ease testing by mocking the repository. There are multiple alternatives when mocking. You could mock just repositories or you could mock a whole unit of work. Usually mocking just the repositories is enough, and the complexity to abstract and mock a whole unit of work is usually not needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Figure 7-18 shows that using a custom repository adds an abstraction layer that can be used to ease testing by mocking the repository. There are multiple alternatives when mocking. You could mock just repositories or you could mock a whole unit of work. Usually mocking just the repositories is enough, and the complexity to abstract and mock a whole unit of work is usually not needed.
```
